Reference letter Markus Schulte

> tarent solutions
tarent solutions GmbH
Rochusstraße 2-4

Letter of recommendation for Mr. Markus Schulte

Mr. Schulte was a fully integrated member of the “Butterkekse” development team. This eight-
member Scrum team took on the development of various microservices according to the "you build it, you
run it" principle. Java was used as the primary programming language, followed by Golang.
Other programming and scripting languages were also used,
such as Ruby and Shell. Docker was used to distribute and operate the microservices.
Bamboo was used as the continuous integration server. Selenium/Geb/Spock was used for end-to-end testing.
Mr. Schulte was active in all of the above areas. As a backend developer, he implemented business logic,

Mr. Schulte was active in all of the above-mentioned areas. As a backend developer, he implemented business logic,
developing endpoints for users as well as inter-microservices.
The test pyramid was always taken into account.

Mr. Schulte further advanced the technological environment of the project with his outstanding
expertise.

To name just a few points:
- He enabled the decoupled development of Java microservices, which had previously been dependent on external dependencies.
- He introduced integration tests in accordance with the Maven lifecycle.
- He was involved in architectural issues and independently improved the modularization of existing services and libraries.
- He accelerated the execution of existing end-to-end tests by approximately 70%.
- He reduced the memory consumption of Java microservices, also through adjustments to the Gargabe Collection.
- He accelerated the execution of existing end-to-end tests by approximately 70%.
- He reduced the memory consumption of Java microservices, including through adjustments to the Garbage Collection.
- He introduced the use of metrics as part of the pull request flow to improve software quality.
- He introduced the use of Apache JMeter.
- He introduced many previously unused tools to the project, including Swagger, HtmIUnit, OWASP, and Pact

Mr. Schulte always embraced current programming paradigms, including continuous refactoring
and clean code. Thanks to his very quick comprehension, he easily familiarized himself
with the dimensions of domain, technology, and process and brought added value to the
to the project at an early stage.

We would be delighted to work with Mr. Schulte on further projects.

Bonn, September 11, 2017
Sebastian Mancke

tarent solutions GmbH
Rochusstraße 2-9. 53123 Bonn
Tel.: +49 (0) 228 / 54 881-0
www.tarent.de
