Reference letter Markus Schulte

> tarent solutions
tarent solutions GmbH
Rochusstraße 2-4

Reference letter for Mr. Markus Schulte

From October 4, 2016, to September 15, 2017, Markus Schulte worked as a freelance chief developer
on a customer project at tarent. He was
a valued member of a team of six developers in a project framework with
a total of four teams, who worked closely together in an agile project framework.
In his work as a developer, Mr. Schulte is characterized by a particularly high level of
quality awareness, which he considers to be of great importance in the implementation of his work.
 In this context, he also took on additional responsibility in our project for
in cross-team work and promoted the topic of quality in a weekly meeting
together with representatives of the other teams in the overall project.
Within his team and also in the project as a whole, Mr. Schulte was able to contribute
much of his experience during his time with us and provided impetus for new testing methods and implementation
solutions. In dialogue with senior colleagues in the team and also as a support
junior developers, Mr. Schulte always made a valuable contribution to the goal-oriented
fulfillment of requirements in the sprint and in the project.
With regard to the agile project approach, Mr. Schulte's highly motivated and very
independent way of working, as well as his experience with the agile process model according to Scrum,
 were a great asset. His experience with the Atlassian Stack was also
also an advantage in our project. In addition to his ability to work in a team, Mr. Schulte also stands out
for his attention to organizational and procedural aspects, which are very valuable in a self-organized
team in an agile environment.
Mr. Schulte also made a positive impression across teams and in collaboration with the customer's stakeholders
through his excellent communication skills and senior demeanor.

If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me by phone.

Bonn, September 14, 2017

Stefan Barth
Management

Alexander Steeg
Management

Vera Stark
Project Management

Page 1 of 1

c tarent solutions GmbH
