werkenntwen

Reference

Mr. Markus Schulte, born on December 8, 1983, joined the Development Department
of our company on October 15, 2007. Mr. Schulte was initially employed as a programmer. From
October 16, 2008, to March 31, 2010, he worked as a senior developer, and from April 1, 2010,
Mr. Schulte supported the Development Department as a backend developer.

werkenntwen GmbH operates one of Germany's largest social networks with over 9 million members
networks in Germany. Here, users can make new contacts and reconnect with old acquaintances.
The platform was founded in October 2006, and since February 2009,
werkenntwen has been wholly owned by RTL interactive and thus part of the RTL Deutschland media group.

Markus Schulte worked at werkenntwen as a PHP developer. In this capacity, his
his responsibilities included the independent implementation of new features and the continuous improvement of code
quality.

Mr. Schulte also took on cross-feature topics, such as overseeing the migration
to a different PHP version or adapting the software in line with framework updates (Zend
Framework, Smarty, etc.).

His responsibilities also included the development of the werkenntwen API and the (HTML) mobile portal of
werkenntwen. He paid particular attention to quality assurance
and automated testing.

Mr. Schulte introduced continuous integration to the company and was primarily responsible for managing the Jenkins
environment independently. In addition to several PHP projects,
continuous integration has now also been used for Java projects at werkenntwen, among other things.

Mr. Schulte always managed to define our and his visions excellently in concrete projects
and to implement them in a goal-oriented, consistent, and thus very successful manner. His very
quick comprehension enabled him to immediately grasp even difficult situations
and recognize the core of the matter at all times. He always made very good
decisions.

Even in situations with a considerable workload, Mr. Schulte maintained an overview and
completed all tasks in a very satisfactory manner. He distinguished himself through an exemplary
work ethic and always showed great personal commitment and optimal
performance motivation.

In all situations, Mr. Schulte reacted in a very responsible, goal-oriented, and
conscientious manner. Even with changing requirements, the results of his work were consistently
of very good quality, even when requirements changed.

Mr. Schulte always performed the complex tasks of his position to our complete
satisfaction and met our requirements in every respect in a first-class manner.

Due to his very polite and friendly manner, his cooperation with his
superiors and colleagues was always excellent. Mr. Schulte enjoyed our complete trust at all times.
 His personal conduct was always exemplary. He was highly valued by
highly valued by our customers and business partners.

werkenntwen GmbH will cease its business activities on June 30, 2014. We would like to thank Mr.
Schulte for his excellent cooperation and wish him continued success and all the best for his professional and
personal future.

Cologne, June 30, 2014

werkenntwen GmbH

Ralf Schramm
CTO

Heike Schlomer
Human Resources & Organization

werkenntwen GmbH · Moltkestraße 123-131 · 50674 Cologne
Phone: +49.221.485569-0 · Fax: +49.221.485569-99 · Email: office@werkenntwen.de · http://www.werkenntwen.de
VAT ID No.: DE263114576 · Managing Director: Matthias Büchs · HRB 55774, Cologne Local Court
